Add config option and logic to accommodate PEP257-style inline class attribute documentation (#278)
jsh9/pydoclint: docs/checking_class_attributes.md

    def __init__(self, airtag_id: int) -> None:
        self.airtag_id = airtag_id
```

## 4. Inline docstrings

> PEP-257 indicates that string literals located directly after an assign

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[PEP-257](https://peps.python.org/pep-0257/) indicates that string literals located directly after an assign
```

statement may be treated as attribute documentation. As such, we also
optionally support inline docstrings for class attributes with the

> `allow-inline-classvar-docs` option set to True (it is False by default).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--allow-inline-class-var-docs` option set to True (it is False by default).
```
